DOCS-6771 Add Synthetics Private Locations for Windows Documentation (#20959)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/synthetics/private_location.md

- **Verify the application performance in your internal testing environment** before you release new features to production with [Synthetic tests in your CI/CD pipelines][1].
- **Compare the application performance** from inside and outside your internal network.

> Private locations are Docker containers or Windows services that you can install anywhere inside your private network. You can access the [private location worker image][2] on Google Container Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private locations are Docker containers or Windows services that you can install anywhere inside your private network. You can access the docker image on [Google Container Registry][2] and the Windows installer on [S3][13].
```

2. In the Datadog site, hover over **[UX Monitoring][5]** and select **Settings** > **Private Locations**. 
3. Click **Add Private Location**.

> 4. Fill out your private location details. Only `Name` and `API key` fields are mandatory. To set up a private location on a Windows service, tick the **This is a Windows Private Location** checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Fill out your private location details. Only `Name` and `API key` fields are mandatory.
```

Reviewer: good catch!
we are however removing this option :)
